Hello everyone and welcome to jingle deployment.
So welcome to the deployment section.
Before we continue I really want to tell you that there's still so many topics to learn though we're
going to cover in this course.
Things like Oren's advanced user authorization social logons that means logging into the site with like
Facebook or get payments rest.
They provide encryption testing sessions cookies class based views and so much more.
So don't worry we're still going to tackle a lot of these topics.
But for right now we're going to cover those topics in a mix of clone projects and advanced Gengel topics
in future sections.
I think by now you've learned enough that if you really want to go out in your own reference online
sources and documentation to build whatever web application that you had in mind.
So for now we're going to mark a milestone in our knowledge by learning how to actually deploy our Gengel
projects before we continue I want to quickly discuss deployment options in general.
There are many many options for the point your site that each option is going to come with a tradeoff
on things like price scalability security ease of use etc..
Please check the resource links in this lecture for instructions on how to play Django to a wide variety
of platforms.
What I've done is I've google search and found the best step by step guides for a wide variety of Gengel
platforms.
Things like elastic beanstalk Heroku Python anywhere except her and each guide is a clear step by step
walkthrough of deploying on a platform.
So for this lecture we're going to show you how to use the deploy functionality for a very simple and
easy.
He is host called Python and the word dot com.
Later on we can talk about things like the plumbing to a veeps.
It's like Digital Ocean or hosting service like Heroku.
And definitely check out the resource links for fools step by step guides on how to do those sort of
deployments.
Understanding the basic process on a simple site like Python anywhere that com will really help you
when it comes to playing on more technical platforms like elastic being stuck on a W-S and as you continue
on through the course and your interest in deploying to particular platform or service usually just
a simple Google search of the service name plus jingle results in many guides.
It is in the best interest of these services that a well-written deployment guide is available.
Otherwise they won't make any money because if users find it hard to deploy on their Web site or service
they're just not going to use it.
So at this point in time basically every major hosting service that's a good fit for Django has a really
well-written guide.
So again check the resource links I've linked some of the best ones here.
And keep that in mind as you explore a wide range of options.
I understand that Python and where that com isn't going to work for everybody on their applications
or for their startup etc. So this is more of a general guide on how to deploy something whether you
actually end up using Python anywhere that com for your own web projects is really up to you.
All right.
So it's time to show the world what we've created.
We're going to get started with the plan that Gengel project.
But first we'll need to learn how to use get hub to host our code and go through a deployment checklist.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.
We're going to be covering hub either.